README.md, before:

### System to classify fashion images. The system will have a single client consuming a single machine learning service. It is robust, scalable and able to process requests asynchronously. - Note that this is not a REST API based system but rather one which can process requests in a non-blocking way and (theoretically) put the results somewhere else (like a database). Here it is mocked this by printing to the console.

### This project is built in three parts:


## Part 1:
1) Built a multi-class image classifier on the fashion MNIST dataset using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based model. 
The notebook can be accessed with the name 'Fashion Mnist Dataset Model training.ipynb' (Model saved as 'final.h5')
2) Built a multi-class image classifier on the MNIST dataset using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based model. 
The notebook can be accessed with the name 'Mnist Dataset Model training.ipynb' (Model saved as 'mnist-model.h5')
3) Built a multi-class image classifier on the Cifar10 dataset using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based model. 
The notebook can be accessed with the name 'Cifar Dataset Model training.ipynb' (Model saved as 'cifar-model.h5')
Other Datasets can be included with minor modifications if required.

NOTE: Getting High Accuracy was not a the main objective of this task.

## Part 2
1) Build a unified API in python to send and receive messages to / from Apache Kafka
2) The inputs to the function and the outputs should be as unified as possible.
3) Setup Kakfa on local machine using this link: https://kafka.apache.org/quickstart

NOTE: Need to make some changes to the configuration to be able to send images over the messaging service.
### You need to override the following properties:

Broker Configs($KAFKA_HOME/config/server.properties)

`message.max.bytes=15728640`

`replica.fetch.max.bytes=15728640`

Consumer Configs($KAFKA_HOME/config/consumer.properties)
`fetch.message.max.bytes=15728640`

#### Restart the server.

Look at this documentation for more info: http://kafka.apache.org/08/configuration.html


## Part 3:
1) Multiple machine learning services that are coordinated via a message broker. The system will have a single client consuming a single
machine learning service.
2) Used the model from Part 1 and the library from Part 2 to build such an application. It is robust, scalable and able to process
requests asynchronously.
3) Note that this is not a REST API based system but rather one which can process requests in a non-blocking way and (theoretically) put the
results somewhere else (like a database). Y Here it is mocked this by printing to the console.

For running and using the Machine Learning Service through the Message Broker Application, please do the following things:
1) After starting kafka and zookeeper services, start another terminal and launch the service `python consumer.py` from command line. This will be a receiving end of the messages you send via the production service.
2) Then start another terminal and launch the service `python producer.py`. This will be sending images to the consumer service which will classify these images on its end and print it to the console.

Commit message:

Added Notebooks for CNN with Kfold Cross validation and modified consumer/producer code

README.md, after:

### System to classify fashion images. The system will have a single client consuming a single machine learning service. It is robust, scalable and able to process requests asynchronously. - Note that this is not a REST API based system but rather one which can process requests in a non-blocking way and (theoretically) put the results somewhere else (like a database). Here it is mocked this by printing to the console.

### This project is built in three parts:


## Part 1:
Neural Network
1) Built a multi-class image classifier on the fashion MNIST dataset using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based model. 
The notebook can be accessed with the name 'Fashion Mnist Dataset Model training.ipynb' (Model saved as 'final.h5')
2) Built a multi-class image classifier on the MNIST dataset using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based model. 
The notebook can be accessed with the name 'Mnist Dataset Model training.ipynb' (Model saved as 'mnist-model.h5')
3) Built a multi-class image classifier on the Cifar10 dataset using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based model. 
The notebook can be accessed with the name 'Cifar Dataset Model training.ipynb' (Model saved as 'cifar-model.h5')
Other Datasets can be included with minor modifications if required.

Convolutional Neural Network with KFold Cross Validation
1) Built a multi-class image classifier on the fashion MNIST dataset using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based model with KFold Cross Validation. 
The notebook can be accessed with the name 'Fashion Mnist Dataset Model training using CNN with KFold Cross Validation.ipynb' (Model saved as 'final.h5')
2) Built a multi-class image classifier on the MNIST dataset using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based model with KFold Cross Validation. 
The notebook can be accessed with the name 'Mnist Dataset Model training using CNN with KFold Cross Validation.ipynb' (Model saved as 'mnist-model.h5')
3) Built a multi-class image classifier on the Cifar10 dataset using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based model with KFold Cross Validation. 
The notebook can be accessed with the name 'Cifar10 Dataset Model training using CNN with KFold Cross Validation.ipynb' (Model saved as 'cifar-model.h5')
Other Datasets can be included with minor modifications if required.


NOTE: Getting High Accuracy was not a the main objective of this task.

## Part 2
1) Build a unified API in python to send and receive messages to / from Apache Kafka
2) The inputs to the function and the outputs should be as unified as possible.
3) Setup Kakfa on local machine using this link: https://kafka.apache.org/quickstart

NOTE: Need to make some changes to the configuration to be able to send images over the messaging service.
### You need to override the following properties:

Broker Configs($KAFKA_HOME/config/server.properties)

`message.max.bytes=15728640`

`replica.fetch.max.bytes=15728640`

Consumer Configs($KAFKA_HOME/config/consumer.properties)
`fetch.message.max.bytes=15728640`

#### Restart the server.

Look at this documentation for more info: http://kafka.apache.org/08/configuration.html


## Part 3:
1) Multiple machine learning services that are coordinated via a message broker. The system will have a single client consuming a single
machine learning service.
2) Used the model from Part 1 and the library from Part 2 to build such an application. It is robust, scalable and able to process
requests asynchronously.
3) Note that this is not a REST API based system but rather one which can process requests in a non-blocking way and (theoretically) put the
results somewhere else (like a database). Here it is mocked this by printing to the console.

For running and using the Machine Learning Service through the Message Broker Application, please do the following things:
1) After starting kafka and zookeeper services, start another terminal and launch the service `python consumer.py` from command line. This will be a receiving end of the messages you send via the production service.
2) Then start another terminal and launch the service `python producer.py`. This will be sending images to the consumer service which will classify these images on its end and print it to the console.
